Update audio stream and audio import pages, document MP3 support (#4606)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/assets_pipeline/importing_audio_samples.rst

Importing audio samples
=======================

Supported files
---------------

Godot provides three options to import your audio data: WAV, Ogg Vorbis
and MP3.

Each has different advantages.

> * WAV files use raw data or light compression, make few demands on the
>   CPU to play back (hundreds of simultaneous voices in this format are
>   fine), but take up significant space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WAV files use raw data or light compression (IMA-ADPCM). They are lightweight
  on the CPU to play back (hundreds of simultaneous voices in this format are
  fine). The downside is that they take up a lot of disk space.
```

* Ogg Vorbis files use a stronger compression that results in much
  smaller file size, but require significantly more processing power to
  play back.

> * MP3 files are more copmressed than WAV files, but not as compressed as
>   Ogg Vorbis. So they require lower CPU usage than ogg vorbis to play back,
>   but their file size is larger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MP3 files use better compression than WAV with IMA-ADPCM, but worse than
  Ogg Vorbis. This means that a MP3 file with roughly equal quality to
  Ogg Vorbis will be significantly larger. On the bright side, MP3 requires
  less CPU usage to play back compared to Ogg Vorbis. This makes MP3 useful
  for mobile and HTML5 projects where CPU resources are limited, especially
  when playing multiple compressed sounds at the same time (such as long
  ambient sounds).
```

Importing audio samples
=======================

Supported files
---------------

Godot provides three options to import your audio data: WAV, Ogg Vorbis
and MP3.

Each has different advantages.

* WAV files use raw data or light compression (IMA-ADPCM). They are lightweight
  on the CPU to play back (hundreds of simultaneous voices in this format are
  fine). The downside is that they take up a lot of disk space.
* Ogg Vorbis files use a stronger compression that results in much
  smaller file size, but require significantly more processing power to
  play back.
* MP3 files use better compression than WAV with IMA-ADPCM, but worse than
  Ogg Vorbis. This means that a MP3 file with roughly equal quality to
  Ogg Vorbis will be significantly larger. On the bright side, MP3 requires
  less CPU usage to play back compared to Ogg Vorbis. This makes MP3 useful
  for mobile and HTML5 projects where CPU resources are limited, especially
  when playing multiple compressed sounds at the same time (such as long
  ambient sounds).

> 
> .. note:: Godot supports MP3 files with the `minimp3 <https://github.com/lieff/minimp3>`__ decoder.

Reviewer: This is an implementation detail the user doesn't need to care about, so I'd remove it:

```suggestion
```

Author: I wanted something there so if people want to improve the import they know what project to go to. But you're right it doesn't really fit in here.
